[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Life
on a deserted island
had done little to cure Nadia
of her selfish ways.
In fact, things have only
taken a turn for the worse.
Early one morning,
she dragged Jean, Marie,
and King on
a march to the jungle,
renaming
everything to suit her taste.
She proclaimed
that she was a new girl now
and would no longer need the
help of science or technology
to live her simple life.
However,
her rebirth did not stop her
from raiding her friends' camp
for supplies
and draining their food stores
for her own needs.
She soon discovered that life
without scientific progress
was a bit more difficult
than she had assumed.
Jean and Marie generously
took her back to live with them.
But will her explosive nature
lead to further problems?
What will happen next?
[pop]
[birds chirping]
[waves crashing]
How dare you use meat in this?
How do you know I did?
How can you be so
contemptuous of me?
I'd like to know
how you could tell it was there.
Jean, I can tell
when I'm tasting it.
It's yummy.
I don't have a problem with
the taste,
just that you used it at all.
Well, we really don't have
a whole lot of food
to choose from
around here, Nadia.
Oh, please. Listen.
-It's no meat!
-[sighs] Right.
Eating animals is cruel!
No human being has
the right to feed off others!
It's not an animal!
It's food for us to eat.
The worst thing is that you hid
it in there just to trick me.
Why did you lie to me?
But I didn't lie to you.
And besides, it's very
nutritious
and good to keep up
your strength.
No creature should have
to give up its life
so that you can
build up your strength.
Oh, I see.
Then why don't you go
and tell that to all the animals
that eat each other to survive?
That's another sick lie!
It's a scientifically
proved fact
that some animals
eat each other to live.
And that's why I can give
no credence
to your deceptive science.
Everything
it teaches is a big lie!
You're a liar! Ugh!
Man has been eating meat
since the dawn of time
and that is why he's multiplied.
And that's why he's so evil.
What? Nonsense!
Maybe you don't
want to admit it, Jean.
But eating meat makes you evil.
Oh, please.
If you eat that,
you'll be as evil as Jean is.
-Did you know that?
-[grunts]
You should throw it all away.
That will be such a waste.
You are the ones
who are wasting everything.
You waste lives so
you can fill up your stomachs!
You waste your own life
if you starve to death!
It's better than killing.
But eating meat makes your blood
strong and helps you fight off
all sorts of terrible diseases.
If my blood can't get by
without meat, then so be it.
It still makes you evil.
That is
complete nonsense, Nadia.
Look at Marie and me.
Ha!
You lied to me, and
that proves that you're evil!
Do you want to
be evil like Jean?
-Huh?
-How can you stand there
and say that about me?
And after everything that
we have been through together.
And using your devious
corrupted mind,
you tried to make me like you
by sneaking meat into my food.
All I want is for
you to be healthy.
Well, I won't reduce myself
to eating your sickening omelet.
If you want to cook for me,
you'll just have to make
a plain omelet.
Huh?
You think it's
sickening? [sighs]
Hold it right there!
[pan sizzling]
[egg cracking]
[egg sizzling]
[rooster crowing]
That's so funny.
You have no
problem with eating an egg?
No.
And you know that eggs are laid
by a hen,
you agree with that, right?
I suppose so.
An egg is just
a baby animal, Nadia!
An egg is not an animal
until it's hatched, Jean.
What?
[birds chirping]
I'll eat
her omelet if she won't.
No, this is Nadia's breakfast
and she's the only one
who will eat it, okay?
-Oh, she's not gonna eat it.
-I won't eat it!
I'm not gonna eat ever again!
Oh, is that so?
You won't eat anything?
That's what I said. I'll
show you both how to survive.
I'm going to live for a week
without food or water.
So no water either, huh?
-Not a drop.
-Yum.
[giggles]
Well, you better not complain to
me when you start to get hungry.
You won't hear
me complain at all.
You won't hear me say anything.
I can't believe
you're so stubborn
that you backed yourself
into this silly plan.
I didn't back into it.
I said I won't eat
anything and I mean it.
You just watch.
[tense music playing]
[King chattering]
You know, you really
should've eaten something
to help you get
through this heat wave.
I haven't eaten for the last few
days and I'm still not hungry.
Jean, can I have some?
[Jean groans] There's
not much left, I'm afraid.
I'm so hungry,
everything vanishes
when it reaches my tummy.
[giggles]
Why don't you go ahead and
take some of this, too, Nadia?
Why can't you get it through
your thick skull
that I'm serious
about not wanting any meat?
What?
I guess eating animal flesh
makes you stupid, too.
Ugh!
Nadia.
I'm hungry.
She thinks she's so superior all
because of the things she eats.
[King chattering]
-[can clattering]
-[coughs]
-[Marie] Nadia?
-[gasps]
[Marie] Hmm.
It tastes good, doesn't it?
I love eating meat.
[Nadia] I'll never eat
the corpse of an animal.
[King chattering]
[Jean] What's wrong?
Nothing will take my hook today.
The bait must be faulty.
Are there no fish
living in this ocean?
That's impossible.
[sobbing]
We've come this far only to end
up as breakfast for the sharks.
I've never done anything
to deserve this cruel ending.
The last sound I'll ever hear
is Sanson snoring.
Wake up and do something,
you worthless
sack of [indistinct]
-Oh!
-Your savior is awake now.
Anyone care for shark fin soup?
[gunshots]
[water splashing]
-Bravo!
-[chuckling]
[waves crashing]
[chattering]
[fire crackling]
-[sighs]
-Still no water?
[Jean] Just one second.
-All done!
-Huh?
This is for you, Marie.
You're so sweet to me.
It's no problem.
Thank you, Jean.
[gulping]
That was so good.
You and Nadia
can drink the rest of it.
Oh, that's all right.
Don't you worry a bit about us.
Well, thanks for going to so
much trouble to get me a drink.
We just want you to eat better
as soon as you can.
That's our duty
for the next few days, Marie.
Yeah.
I'm going to go out there
and catch a big fish for
tonight's dinner.
I'll wait right here, darling.
Oh, stop it.
[gasps]
Nadia.
Go ahead and go fishing today.
I'll keep the water cleaning
machine at full capacity.
Are you still
holding a grudge against us?
No, I've gotten
over that by now.
Are you sure?
-What did I say?
-Really?
Yes, really.
If you're trying
to make me angry,
you're doing a good job, Jean.
Whoops.
Just go get in your boat
and murder some fish.
Why does she gets
so angry all the time?
Hunger makes people angry.
She gets angry
when she's not hungry.
I can't get angry with her.
I'm too hungry for that.
[fire crackling]
[water trickling]
I can't believe this heat.
This takes too long. [sighs]
I've waited all morning
for a few warm drops from you?
Well...
[water rushing]
[groans]
[pail rattling]
You! Ugh!
Come on!
You get back here!
Whoa.
[screams]
[laughs] Spinach.
[melancholic music playing]
Thanks for the food, Jean!
I got all of its ink out.
This is so delicious!
Mm-hmm.
Come and have
some of this, Nadia.
No, I'm all right.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[thunder rumbling]
[King chattering]
Yay! Yay! Yay!
Why don't
you go collect more cans
so we can catch as much rainfall
as possible, Marie?
Okay!
Where's Nadia?
She's sleeping in the tent.
There are more important things
to do today than sleep.
Marie, did
you eat some of this food?
Not me.
I thought I threw it all away,
because it was all rotted out.
Could it be King?
[King chattering]
But he's spending every hour
on the cliff these days.
Spinaches.
It was Nadia!
Nadia, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Did you eat something that was
labeled spinaches last night?
Of course I didn't.
[Jean] Look at it.
I don't have to look at it.
No! I would never do that!
I would never eat Gargoyle's
food ever!
I'm not that bad!
You should know me
well enough
to know I would
never do that, Jean.
It seems strange to me
since there was no one here
except us and some monkeys.
[monkeys chattering]
I see now.
I got caught in
one of Gargoyle's traps.
[engine rumbling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Gargoyle] My old friend, Nemo,
may you rest in peace.
You remain far
below the heavens.
Far out of our reach,
far out of our hearts.
What can you see?
Your only light...
[soldiers] The fires of Hell!
[Gargoyle] What can you feel
when you're only feeling?
[soldiers] The agony of Hell!
[Gargoyle] For the acts
you committed against us,
you have been consigned
to the pits of Hell.
For one
who found us so unnatural,
you can be proud
of your destruction.
By doing so, you honor us.
So I shall call
this day Nemo's Day
in honor of
our newfound pleasure.
[cheering and applause]
[Gargoyle]
We have but one dream left,
to whom does this world belong?
[soldiers] Neo Atlantis!
[Gargoyle] Without a doubt.
Today, we begin a new operation.
We shall restore
the holy fortress at long last.
It will carry us to the heavens.
All will know of
its terrible power,
all will know the Red Noah.
Once it is restored,
the ignorant human race
will have no choice
but to cast itself
at the feet of Neo Atlantis.
[cheering and applause]
[rain pouring]
[gulping]
That's not smart
to eat rotten food.
[Nadia] It was a devious trap
set by Gargoyle.
He must've planted
the poisoned spinaches cans
to try to kill us.
Well then, it's lucky for you,
he didn't decide to use
a lethal type of poison
to try to kill you with.
Just admit that you ate a rotten
food and got too hungry to stop.
You're so greedy.
You know, Nadia, you should've
let us share our food with you.
No! I would rather suffer the
worst stomach pains in the world
than to ever consume
the desiccated flesh
of a living creature.
She sure is stubborn.
Are you having trouble
with your bowels, Nadia?
You have a fever?
I feel fine.
Hmm.
It's a fever.
I do not get fevers!
I think I might have a way
to cure that really quickly.
Don't bother. I need sleep.
You're going to
need a lot more than that.
[Nadia sighs]
[rain pouring]
[Jean] You're going to need
to stay here
and take care of Nadia.
[Marie]
But I wanna go with you.
[Jean] You can't.
Nadia might eat
some more rotten food.
You must keep an eye on her.
[Marie]
King can keep an eye on her.
[Jean] No, he can't.
Besides, we don't know
what might happen in the jungle.
You have to stay here.
I'll see you soon.
[thunder rumbling]
Oh, this is so boring.
[Marie] Jean! Help me!
[thunder rumbling]
[King purring]
Wait, please don't go.
[bars clank]
[sobbing]
Why? Why do
you have to kill him?
It is not
something I want to have to do.
He has hurt
you because of his illness.
But Momo is my very
best friend, Ring Master.
[Ring Master] If I have to
choose between the two of you,
I'll take you, Nadia.
Sometimes we cannot help
what must be done.
[man] With this medicine we
have, he'll die very peacefully.
It's better for him this way.
-[Ring Master] Come, Nadia.
-No! Please don't kill him!
There's got to be something
you can do to avoid this.
Momo! Momo!
No!
Momo.
[rain pouring]
[Jean] This heat wave must
have dried up all the herbs.
Darn!
[sighs]
-[thunder rumbling]
-[screams]
This storm is getting scary.
-[Marie] Jean!
-Marie?
-What?
-[Marie] Jean.
I thought I told
you to stay at home.
It's too dangerous
for you to be out here.
I got too scared to
stay there by myself.
What's there to be scared of?
Jean?
Hmm?
Am I bothering you?
Hmm.
You'd rather have Nadia
along on the trip, huh?
Oh, Marie.
Don't be so silly.
[Nadia]
Will you forgive me, Master?
[Ring Master] Walk!
Don't look down.
I said walk!
You good for nothing--
maybe you'd prefer
cleaning the tiger cages!
-[whip crack]
-[screams]
[gasps]
You did
exceptionally well today.
So I'm giving you extra food.
You like this kind
of food, don't you?
You're afraid of me,
but you shouldn't be.
You see, I scold you only to
keep you from hurting yourself.
You shouldn't
take it personally, Nadia.
I wouldn't do
it if I didn't like you.
[laughs]
[applause]
[thunder rumbling]
[Jean] This is a surprise.
The island is much
larger than I expected.
Marie is too afraid
to go inside there, Jean.
Why are you being
such a scaredy-cat today, Marie?
I'm afraid of dark,
cold places like this.
Just wait here, then.
Let's see.
Huh.
Don't get lost, Jean.
Oh.
[eerie music playing]
It's getting darker.
I won't be able to see anything.
Boy, I sure wish I had
my flashlight with me. Huh?
[bird cawing]
[intense music playing]
Jean!
It finally stopped raining.
Hmm, I can't find them in here.
So this must be an undiscovered
strain of mushroom.
[intense music playing]
Oh.
[laughter]
I'm getting very hungry.
Why can't we just go back
to camp with Nadia and King?
[Jean] Marie?
They're delicious.
Come here quickly.
I've never eaten
anything so delicious.
[harp playing]
[chuckling]
Hooray! I am the winner!
Jean?
What's happened to you?
[chuckles] Hmm.
Well, it looks like
the main course is here.
[Marie] You're scaring me.
You're kind of small,
but I'm ready to
sink my teeth into you.
-[laughs]
-[thuds]
Ah!
You better keep your teeth away
from me, do you understand me?
Oh, I always brush my teeth
after every meal.
-[chuckles]
-[grunts]
Just look at you.
Why do you cause
me so much trouble?
You're supposed to be
the one taking care of me.
I swear, and if you want me
to drag you home again,
you better lose a few pounds.
Geez, some people eat anything.
You mean this
happened while he was out
looking for medicinal herbs
to help cure me?
3:00, cuckoo.
He told me that he wanted
to sink his teeth into me
and then he tried to grab me.
He did this for me?
Isn't he awful?
Thank you, Jean.
-[sobs]
-Huh?
You're a big
beetle, I'm a little ant.
Oh, this is getting ridiculous!
I'm a little tea pot.
Huh?
[dramatic music playing]
-[Nadia] Jean?
-Is it time for dessert?
[Nadia] I had
a dream while you were gone.
I realized
that none of us can live alone.
We need each other.
I had never really thought
about us that way before,
but now I know
it to be the truth.
I had a dream once
about a talking sausage.
For so long, I was alone.
I never needed
anyone's help for anything.
But I soon found out
that without other people,
I was making it hard for myself.
He would spend all of his day
and night digging his tunnels.
Now, for the first time
I can understand
all for one and one for all.
[Jean groans]
[Nadia]
I can allow others to help me
as long as
someone is thinking about me.
If someone loves you enough
to worry about you,
then you have all that you need,
especially if that person
is willing to put their life in
danger to help you.
That's what
I learned from my dream, Jean.
It's a lot
heavier than I expected.
I so want you to take me
to Africa with you some day.
Africa is such
a big place, Nadia.
Perhaps, you should stop
talking now, Jean.
[sighs]
Take your glasses off.
Okay.
I can't see you.
Now, Jean, stay with me forever.
[King purring]
[singing in Japanese]